[Exporter.Stackdriver] Update dependencies (#794)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Stackdriver/CHANGELOG.md

* Fix the issue of incorrect handling of null attributes.
  ([#566](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib/pull/566))

> * Update Google Cloud Dependencies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update Google Cloud Dependencies to 3.0.0
  and OTel SDK package to 1.3.1
```

* Fix the issue of incorrect handling of null attributes.
  ([#566](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib/pull/566))

> * Support for Google Cloud Dependencies up to 4.0.0

Reviewer 2: The package reference is added to support up to 3.x , but not 4.0 and higher.

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/library-guidance/dependencies#nuget-dependency-version-ranges

> * Support for Google Cloud Dependencies up to 4.0.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Support for Google Cloud Dependencies up to 3.x.x
```
